they played pretty well down we got it
we gotta give them credit they played
well it made shots but we like to
control our own destiny and we didn't
play well and that Richards you think
it's the attention of the nail season
with so many languages I'm just people
not bringing every day and just stuff
when we can't get stops defensively and
when stuff gets hard it's tough for some
guys and and we didn't come through I
mean we had our chances and we couldn't
get some key stops and that's most
important during the season was kind of
kicking on that wonder why didn't is a
team yeah most definitely disappointed
that it hasn't especially coming off
that big win we took a step backwards
and hurts because it was in our hands
kind of where do you go team won us
personalize um well our seasons not over
so we got to just stay positive
individually and and keep working hard
and it's out of our control right now so
we'll just see what happens this is
elitist understand into this though I'll
just get back in the gym and just keep
working hard that's the best way to
forget about something be honest this is
such new ground for you guys now they
have this next this weight over the next
24 hours to see how diplomats will that
be just sort of you know be extremely
difficult just knowing how bad we played
individually and we give them credit
like I said again but it'll be difficult
just waiting on and the CFO name will be
called or not and regardless is
situation we just want to keep
practicing hard and keep keep bringing
that energy
not been this team can this team with
this team be ready to play the identity
of course I mean we're going to be ready
for anything we're playing the game we
love and we just got to stay positive
and regardless of the outcome we just
got to keep playing hard yeah I most
definitely didn't come out to a good
start and I kind of set the tone and it
was just very disappointing we left
three point shooters come in at the
beginning the game so they'd gotten a
little lead just stuff like that
defensively really hurt us